DOC Add HGBDT to "user_guide" reference in RF (#26322)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/ensemble.rst

implementation combines classifiers by averaging their probabilistic
prediction, instead of letting each classifier vote for a single class.

> Comparison of Histogram-based Gradient Boosting Trees over Random Forests in terms of computational cost:

Author: > Instead of a subtitle, here you can introduce the goal of the following bullet-points like this:

Made the changes as requested.

>    - Building shallow trees: HGBT can be computationally more efficient than RF when building shallow trees because it only needs to consider a limited number of bins to construct the splits, whereas RF builds deep trees that require more iterations to reach optimal splits.

Author: I have applied the changes. Please review

>    - Sequential boosting: In HGBT, the trees are built sequentially, with each tree correcting the mistakes of the previous trees. This can be more computationally efficient than RF, where all the trees are built independently and in parallel.

Author: > The phrase "This can be more computationally efficient than RF" is a bit vague, I suggest giving a deeper explanation on this regard:

Made the changes as requested

>    - Efficient binning: HGBT uses an efficient binning algorithm that can handle large datasets with a high number of features. The binning algorithm can pre-process the data to speed up the subsequent tree construction. In contrast, RF does not use binning and relies on randomly selecting features at each split, which can be computationally expensive.

Reviewer: Here `XXX` is to be filled by you with a reference to the [Why it's faster section](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/ensemble.html#why-it-s-faster).

```suggestion
- Efficient binning: HGBT uses an efficient binning algorithm that can handle
  large datasets with a high number of features. The binning algorithm can
  pre-process the data to speed up the subsequent tree construction (see
  subsection XXX). In contrast, the scikit-learn implementation of random
  forests does not use binning and relies on exact splitting, which can be
  computationally expensive.
```

Author: > Here `XXX` is to be filled by you with a reference to the [Why it's faster section](https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/ensemble.html#why-it-s-faster).

I have applied the changes. Please review

implementation combines classifiers by averaging their probabilistic
prediction, instead of letting each classifier vote for a single class.

A competitive alternative to random forests are
:ref:`histogram_based_gradient_boosting` (HGBT) models:

> - Building trees: Random forests typically rely on deep trees (that overfit individually) which uses much computational resources, as they require several splittings and evaluations of candidate splits. Boosting models build shallow trees (that underfit individually) which are faster to fit and predict.

Reviewer 2: lines too long, please limit them to 88 chars like the rest of the document.

- Sequential boosting: In histogram-based gradient boosting (HGBT), the decision trees are built sequentially, where each tree is trained to correct the errors made by the previous trees. This is achieved by assigning higher weights to the training instances that were misclassified in the previous iteration, which helps the next tree to focus on those instances and improve their classification. This process is repeated iteratively until a predefined number of trees are built or until the model's performance stops improving. 

  In contrast, random forests (RF) use an ensemble of decision trees, where each tree is built independently and is not influenced by the other trees. The final prediction is made by taking the majority vote of all the trees in the ensemble. While RF can achieve high accuracy, they may require a larger number of trees to achieve the same level of accuracy as HGBT. This is because RF may not be able to correct errors made by previous trees as effectively as HGBT, which can lead to a larger number of trees needed to achieve the desired level of accuracy.

> - Efficient binning: Efficient binning: HGBT uses an efficient binning algorithm that can handle large datasets with a high number of features. The binning algorithm can pre-process the data to speed up the subsequent tree construction (see `Why-it's-faster <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/ensemble.html#why-it-s-faster>`__). In contrast, the scikit-learn implementation of random forests does not use binning and relies on exact splitting, which can be computationally expensive.

Reviewer: For the reference, sphinx supports reStructured text:

https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/cross-referencing-with-sphinx.html

Author: Sure, made the changes.

implementation combines classifiers by averaging their probabilistic
prediction, instead of letting each classifier vote for a single class.

A competitive alternative to random forests are
:ref:`histogram_based_gradient_boosting` (HGBT) models:

-  Building trees: Random forests typically rely on deep trees (that overfit
   individually) which uses much computational resources, as they require
   several splittings and evaluations of candidate splits. Boosting models
   build shallow trees (that underfit individually) which are faster to fit
   and predict.

> -  Sequential boosting: In histogram-based gradient boosting (HGBT), the
>    decision trees are built sequentially, where each tree is trained to
>    correct the errors made by the previous trees. This is achieved by
>    assigning higher weights to the training instances that were misclassified
>    in the previous iteration, which helps the next tree to focus on those
>    instances and improve their classification. This process is repeated
>    iteratively until a predefined number of trees are built or until the
>    model's performance stops improving.
> 
>    In contrast, random forests (RF) use an ensemble of decision trees, where
>    each tree is built independently and is not influenced by the other trees.
>    The final prediction is made by taking the majority vote of all the trees
>    in the ensemble. While RF can achieve high accuracy, they may require a
>    larger number of trees to achieve the same level of accuracy as HGBT. This
>    is because RF may not be able to correct errors made by previous trees as
>    effectively as HGBT, which can lead to a larger number of trees needed to
>    achieve the desired level of accuracy.

Reviewer: I would say that explaining each method in depth is distracting, it is better to keep a short paragraph focusing on the differences and their consequences. Also notices that the abbreviation "HGBT" was already introduced above, so there is no need to redefine it.

```suggestion
-  Sequential boosting: In HGBT, the decision trees are built sequentially,
   where each tree is trained to correct the errors made by the previous ones.
   This allows them to iteratively improve the model's performance using
   relatively few trees. In contrast, random forests use a majority vote to
   predict the outcome, which can require a larger number of trees to achieve
   the same level of accuracy.
```

> -  Efficient binning: Efficient binning: HGBT uses an efficient binning

Author: Done!
Thanks for reviewing

     2022. :doi:`Machine Learning Applications to Land and Structure Valuation
     <10.3390/jrfm15050193>`.
     Journal of Risk and Financial Management 15, no. 5: 193

>      

Reviewer 2: remove whitespace
